[DOCS] Update detection rule actions import/export docs (#1264)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-import.asciidoc

[[rules-api-import]]
=== Import rules

Imports rules from an `.ndjson` file.

> WARNING: This API supports {kibana-ref}/api.html#token-api-authentication[Token-based authentication] only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> NOTE: Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Console supports {es} APIs only. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests]. Please also note this API supports {kibana-ref}/api.html#token-api-authentication[Token-based authentication] only.
```
